Update profiles.md (#4144)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: autopilot/profiles.md

10. Choose **Select groups to include**, and choose the groups you want to include in this profile.
11. If you want to exclude any groups, choose **Select groups to exclude**, and choose the groups you want to exclude.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you use the assigment **All Devices** exclusions are not supported. Any workaround to excluse groups while targeting it to all devices may cause assignation problems and require to re-upload the hash once again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use the assignment **All Devices**, exclusions are not supported. Any workaround to exclude groups while targeting it to all devices may cause assignation problems and requires uploading the hash again.
```
